So what is the size of
our finished contract?
Well, we can find that out by
doing a little simple thing.
We're going to cat out our artifacts,
our contracts, our hero, our hero.JSON.
We're gonna pass it into JQ and
do deployed bytecode.
That gives us out this big thing, right?
This is what is deployed
out to the network, right?
So what I wanna do is,
I'm gonna take this and
I'm gonna pipe it to word count and
do character count.
There is 5313 nibbles but really
there's actually 5300 and 11 nibbles,
plus two quotes cuz remember, each one of
these represents a nibble or four bits.
So we could take this and
go this thing divided by 2 minus 1.
So this is the true size of our contract,
which is 2.655k.
Now, you may not realize this, but
contracts have a hard limit of 24k.
Is our contract very complex?
I mean, technically it's kind of complex.
But is it complex?
No, it's actually a pretty
small amount of code.
I'm sure we all accidentally create more
code than that doing almost anything.
It's hard to even turn a corner without
creating 24 kilobytes of code, right?
It's a lot.
I mean it's very little amounts of memory,
correct?
So this is a very big problem
that we're about to face,
if we were to make this even slightly
let's say we make a fighting tactic.
If you fight you could
generate a new NFT if you win,
I mean how big would our contract be?
We easily just shoot right into like 50k,
right?
It will just blow up immediately,
so not only that but
we've had this problem and we've been
asked this problem multiple times.
Every time your contract gets deployed
again, upgrade, bug fix, address changes.
So let me ask the question, what happened
if your contract accepted payments?
Where would that money be?
Old contract.
Where would all that
data be associated with?
Old contract.
Who would have to pay to transfer
data from there to the new contract?
You would, right?
I feel like I don't know,
Maury Ballsteen from Zoolander here.
That's what's gonna happen,
is that you have to pay for
all this stuff to happen because
you're now changing contracts.
When you make a change,
you deploy a new contract,
you are not using your old contract.
This is obviously a big problem, right?
Well, actually it's not actually that big
of a problem cuz there's actually a really
good solution.